Adds docs for UP Chime support (#22754)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/unifiprotect.markdown

* **Device Configuration** - Door locks will get configuration controls for the Auto-Lock Timeout, selecting the Paired Camera, and Status Light switch
* **Button** - A disabled by default button is added for each door lock device. The button will let you reboot your door lock device.

### UniFi Protect Smart Chime

Each UniFi Protect smart chime will get a device in Home Assistant with the following:

> * **Button** - A button to trigger the chime manually for each smart chime device. Also a disabled by default button is added that will let you reboot your smart chime device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Button** - A button to trigger the chime manually for each smart chime device. Also, a disabled by default button is added to let you reboot your smart chime device.
```

> * **Device Configuration** - Smart chimes will get a volume slider adjust the loudness of the chime as well as sensor the last time the chime rang.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Device Configuration** - Smart chimes will get a volume slider to adjust the loudness of the chime as well as a sensor for the last time the chime rang.
```

> * **Device Configuration** - Smart chimes will get a volume slider to adjust the loudness of the chime as well as a sensor for the last time the chime rang.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Device Configuration** - Smart chimes will get a volume slider to adjust the chime's loudness and a sensor for the last time the chime rang.
```

| `message`              | No       | The message you would like to display on the LCD screen of your Doorbell. Must be less than 30 characters.   |
| `duration`             | Yes      | Number of minutes to display the message for before returning to the default message. The default is to not expire. |

### Service unifiprotect.set_chime_paired_doorbells

Use to set the paired doorbell(s) with a smart chime.

| Service data attribute | Optional | Description                                                                                                  |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `entity_id`            | No       | The smart chime you want to pair doorbells with (actually the "Play Chime" button).                          |

> | `doorbells`            | No       | A [target selector](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/blueprint/selectors/#target-selector) for any number of doorbells you want to pair to the chime. |

Reviewer 2: Please don't use full URLs; additionally: I'm also not sure how the target selector is relevant to mention or link in this case?
